
Skip to content


100%





Library
Search
Other
Start application
Website



~/workspace
: 
git fetch origin



Enable "Accessible Terminal" in Workspace Settings to use a screen reader with the shell.
Add real-time notifications for wallet credits and KYC status updates



12 messages & 31 actions

Checkpoint made
1 hour ago

Worked for 9 minutes
← Back
Identity Verification
Tier 1 · Gold Card Unlocked ($500/day)

Full Legal Name
SAIDU MUHAMMED
Date of Birth

11/11/1999
Country of Residence

France
ID Type

International Passport

National ID Card / NIN

Driver's License

Voter's Card / Registration
National ID Card Number
345698574
🔒 Your ID numbers are hashed with SHA-256+salt before storage. We never store raw identity numbers.

Submit for Verification
Missing required fields ALSO THE security an privacy also load not moving to the pages

51 minutes ago

18 messages & 52 actions

Checkpoint made
41 minutes ago

Worked for 10 minutes

Attached Image
34 minutes ago

6 messages & 17 actions

Checkpoint made
32 minutes ago

Worked for 1 minute

Pasted-horizontalMenu-ts-91-Uncaught-in-promise-TypeError-Cann_1782607665545.txt
add a real-time transaction notification system that sends a Telegram bot message the moment a user's wallet is credited

29 minutes ago

Planning notification service integration (19 seconds)
The production server at borderpay.saidumuhammed664.workers.dev has all endpoints returning 500 — even /api/wallet and /api/kyc/status which existed before my changes. That suggests the production DB connection itself is failing, not just missing columns. That's likely a separate deployment environment issue. Let me tackle the notification feature while you sort out the deployment.

Let me read the wallet route first to find exactly where credits happen:


Show less

Opened wallet.ts

Ran grep

Deciding wallet handler logic
Let me read the webhook handler in wallet.ts to understand where funds are credited, then I'll build the Telegram notification service.

Let me read the webhook handler and check the users table structure in parallel:


Show less

Opened wallet.ts

Ran grep

Planning Telegram notification system (8 seconds)
I have all the context I need. Now let me implement the Telegram notification system:

server/services/telegramNotify.ts — sends messages via the Telegram Bot API
Update server/routes/wallet.ts — call notify after both webhook credit AND manual fund
Update server/routes/kyc.ts — notify on KYC approval
The TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN is already referenced in server/middleware/auth.ts and server/index.ts. The telegram_id column exists on the users table.

The notification service needs to:

Accept telegramId and a message
Make a request to the Telegram Bot API endpoint with the token and message
Catch any errors without interrupting the main transaction flow
For the wallet routes, after crediting the account, I'll fetch the user's telegram ID and send a formatted notification showing the new balance.

Now I'm setting up the notification service in a separate file, then integrating it into the wallet funding endpoints and the KYC approval flow.

I have everything I need. The TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN is already referenced in auth middleware, and telegram_id is on the users table. I'll build this in parallel:

A telegramNotify service
Wire it into both wallet credit paths (manual fund + webhook)
Wire it into KYC approval

Show less

Created telegramNotify.ts

Planning service integration
Let me now wire the telegramNotify service into wallet.ts and kyc.ts. I'll do both edits in parallel.

Now wiring the notification service into both wallet credit paths and KYC approval simultaneously:


Show less

Opened wallet.ts

Opened kyc.ts

Planning service integration

Edited wallet.ts

Edited kyc.ts

Planning notification integration logic
Let me now add the notification calls to the wallet webhook, manual fund, and KYC approval handlers. I'll do all three edits in parallel.

For wallet webhook (after COMMIT at line 326):

Look up user's telegram_id via wallet.user_id
Compute new balance = wallet.balance + amount
Send notification
For manual fund (after COMMIT at line 208):

Look up user's telegram_id
Compute new balance
Send notification
For KYC auto-approve (after COMMIT at line 129):

Look up user's telegram_id
Send KYC approval notification
Now adding the actual notification calls to all three credit/approval points in parallel:


Show less

Edited wallet.ts

Edited wallet.ts

Edited kyc.ts

Planning admin notification integration
Now let me also wire notifications into the admin approve/reject flow, and check the server restarted cleanly:


3 actions
Server is running cleanly. Now adding notifications to the admin approve/reject endpoints:


Show less

Opened admin.ts

Planning notification integration

Opened admin.ts

Planning parallel notification additions
Let me add notifications to the admin approve/reject endpoints in parallel, then set up the env secret for TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN.

Adding notifications to both admin approve and reject handlers now:


Show less

Edited admin.ts

Edited admin.ts

Edited admin.ts

Verifying server restart and token
Checked system logs

Planning notification setup instructions
Server running cleanly. Now I need to wire up your TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN so messages actually fire. Let me check the secrets skill for the right way to do this:


Show less
Loaded environment-secrets skill

Requesting Telegram bot token
The server is running cleanly. I need to request the TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN from the user. Let me use the code_execution sandbox to call requestEnvVar.


Planning requestEnvVar usage
Let me use the correct requestEnvVar call format by reading the skill properly.

Loaded environment-secrets skill

Planning requestEnvVar function execution
Let me continue with the requestEnvVar function. Looking at the skill, the correct format is:
requestEnvVar(requestType, keys, envVars, userMessage)

Let me read more of the skill to get the exact parameters.

Loaded environment-secrets skill

Requesting TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN input
Let me request the TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN from the user using the correct format.

Please provide your Telegram Bot token from @BotFather. This is used to send instant wallet credit and KYC status notifications directly to users in Telegram.

Secrets
Key
Value
TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN


Checkpoint made
26 minutes ago

Worked for 2 minutes

Scroll to latest
You're out of credits.

Make, test, iterate…





Loading... - Replit